feat(curriculum): add cipher project to Python curriculum (#52373)
freeCodeCamp/freeCodeCamp: curriculum/challenges/english/20-upcoming-python/learn-string-manipulation-by-building-a-cipher/655522883e66f618e03a9411.md

---
id: 655522883e66f618e03a9411
title: Step 77
challengeType: 20
dashedName: step-77
---

# --description--

> Modify your comment into `Append any non-letter character to the message`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Modify your comment into `Non-letter characters are not encrypted in the message`.
```
